#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
altair==4.2.2
    # via streamlit
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   gdown
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via streamlit
bqplot==0.12.39
    # via leafmap
branca==0.6.0
    # via
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   streamlit
    #   whitebox
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via fiona
cligj==0.7.2
    # via fiona
colour==0.1.5
    # via leafmap
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.0
    # via gdown
fiona==1.9.3
    # via geopandas
folium==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   leafmap
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gdown==4.7.1
    # via leafmap
geojson==3.0.1
    # via leafmap
geopandas==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via streamlit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via streamlit
ipyevents==2.0.1
    # via leafmap
ipyfilechooser==0.6.0
    # via
    #   leafmap
    #   whiteboxgui
ipykernel==6.22.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipyleaflet==0.17.2
    # via leafmap
ipython==8.12.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipytree==0.2.2
    # via whiteboxgui
ipywidgets==7.7.5
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyevents
    #   ipyfilechooser
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   ipytree
    #   leafmap
    #   whiteboxgui
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pydeck
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.4
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
leafmap==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mapclassify==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via leafmap
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
nbclassic==0.5.5
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via mapclassify
notebook==6.5.4
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   bqplot
    #   contourpy
    #   folium
    #   leafmap
    #   mapclassify
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   bqplot
    #   geopandas
    #   leafmap
    #   mapclassify
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pympler==1.0.1
    # via streamlit
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyproj==3.5.0
    # via geopandas
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via leafmap
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pystac==1.7.3
    # via pystac-client
pystac-client==0.6.1
    # via leafmap
python-box==7.0.1
    # via leafmap
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
    #   streamlit
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests[socks]==2.28.2
    # via
    #   folium
    #   gdown
    #   pystac-client
    #   streamlit
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.3.4
    # via streamlit
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via mapclassify
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   mapclassify
    #   scikit-learn
scooby==0.7.1
    # via leafmap
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
shapely==2.0.1
    # via geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   gdown
    #   munch
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
streamlit==1.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via gdown
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyleaflet
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via streamlit
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3
    # via streamlit
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via requests
validators==0.20.0
    # via streamlit
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
whitebox==2.3.1
    # via whiteboxgui
whiteboxgui==2.3.0
    # via leafmap
widgetsnbextension==3.6.4
    # via ipywidgets
xyzservices==2023.2.0
    # via
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   leafmap
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
